SPEAKER 1: A lot of websites use
web fonts, many fonts actually,
to improve their
visual appearance.
When many fonts are in
use, they can easily
add up to a couple
of hundred kilobytes.
Yet, the control over
font loading with CSS
can feel a bit rigid.
With a font loading API,
you can take control
over when and how
fonts should be loaded.
Instead of loading our font
with a declaration in CSS,
we can now load it
programmatically.
You can create instances of the
font face type for each font
that you want to use.
You provide a name and
a resource description
as it is common in CSS.
Only when you call load,
however, will the browser
actually go ahead and fetch
the font file and parse it.
The [INAUDIBLE]
returned by load will
be resolved when the loading
and parsing of the font is done.
It is imported into
the system as a font,
but not yet associated
with your document.
To do that, you need to
call ADD on document.fonts.
From here on in,
your font will be
available under the name you
provided to the constructor.
These are the most
basic and important bits
of the font loading API.
It seems fairly
primitive, but they
can be composed to
develop complex loading
strategies to make your
experience much better.
Yay, fonts.
See you next time.
So you know these two buttons
to subscribe to the channel
and to watch our latest video.
We did some market research.
And it turns out the longer
you leave them on screen,
the more people click it.
And that means happy summer.
You should click them.
Clickity, click, click, click.